- Problem:    Insert Partial Modifications Graphically: sometimes not all positions of protein or not all modifications are shown
  Workaround: Press "Cancel" and Restart the Dialog up  to three times -> it should work all right

- Problem:    No selection possibilites are displayed in "Protein" Rollup
  Workaround: Close SpecAnnotate (only the annotation part) and open it again

- Problem:    Database Edit Dialogs crash (go non-functional, but program does not crash), "driver not loaded" error message pops up
	      Or the functional part of the programm exits on a "Invalid Query" exception with message: "driver not loaded".
  Reason:     The QT class QSqlDatabase seems to be not quite thread-safe. It is not possible to access the constructors and thus create
	      different instances of this class. (normal instanciation via static member QSqlDatabase::addDatabase).
	      So with standard QT database classes I was not able to get the program running. "SELECT" statements issued in the second thread
	      (the one which does the actual annotation) caused a segmentation-fault in the qt-library.
	      The solution I came up with is that I created an own class, exposing the constructors of QSqlDatabase and thus enabling to create
              distinct instances of this class in each thread. I am aware that this is a hack and might cause the instability described here.
	      A solution might be to mutex every database access. But this would mean to refactor the whole program, since different code
	      for database access is used in different parts of the program. Unfortunately I do not have time to do this during my 
	      "Diplomarbeit". If someone knows another solution, please let me know!
	      (NOTE: in the former version of this program, using the "mysql++"-API, EVERYTHING WORKED ALL RIGHT!!)
		
	      ###UPDATE UPDATE UPDATE###
	      Now everything works solely with generic QT means. It got more stable, but sometimes Edit Dialogs still go non-functional
	      or some "Could not connect to database" exceptions are thrown. Hope QT 4 will safe this.

  Workaround: Do your database edits BEFORE any annotation run. or RESTART the program after the annotation runs and then do database edits
	      Do not more than one annotation run in one programm session.
	

SOLVED:
-------

- Problem:    During annotation: MessageBox: "Finished Annotation" opens, but it is not finished yet (Threading doesn't work right)
  Workaround: Just ignore it and wait until "Done." appears in the text browser ("Annotation Progress")	
              (maybe CLEAN and rebuild might help)
